Today I'm beating all of Donkey Kong
Country 3, one of my favorite childhood
games. But every time I die, I have to
buy whatever killed me. So like, if I
die to a crocodile, then I have to buy
some kind of crocodile on Etsy. And chat
will vote on whatever they want. As long
as it's on Etsy, I'll buy it. Okay, here
we go. Look, this is one of the streams
that's not for you. It's not for the
viewers, right? Nobody on YouTube is
going to care. You guys are going to see
that it's not Roblox or whatever, and
you're going to not give a [__] But me,
me cares. All right. If you were born in
the early '9s like me, this is making
you rock hard, dude. Oh,
>> are we having banana cream penis for
dessert tonight?
>> What?
Hold on. Uh, thank you for the kind
donation. Oh, by the way, I changed my
donation code. Anytime someone donates,
there's a 10% chance to swap a noun in
their message with a new random noun.
But I didn't tell Chad about this cuz
that's funny. Typo? They meant Oh, it
was a typo. You were on your phone.
Right, right, right. You're on your
phone. Anyways, uh, all right. Hey,
look. Let's Let's get into I'm going to
start the game. This is Donkey Kong
Country 3. The greatest game of all
time. I wouldn't say that. Nobody says
that, but some people probably thought
it at one point. This game ripped as a
kid. This is like one of my favorites.
So, we're going to play the entire game.
Hopefully, I'll beat it all today. I
don't even remember what's in this game
or if this is a bad idea. I'm sure it'll
be fine. Will you ever recover from
this? I mean, get your predictions in
now. I don't actually think I'm going to
die that much in this game. This is the
easiest of the Donkey Kong Country
games. I think Okay, I'll do a
prediction. Does Doug die in the first
world? Let's do it. Level one. Okay, I'm
basically just going to run past most
stuff.
>> I was born in 2004 and I played Iowa
State University 1 and two on SNES.
>> Iowa State University. Yeah, it's a
great game. I have played that as well.
All right, level one. Look, obviously
world one's not going to be that hard,
man. You have very, very little faith in
me if you're voting no. Funk streamer
playing game. I'll proudly play this
game. Dude, look at the graphics on
this.
>> Are we getting Doctors there gunk again?
Oh yeah, that was your phone. There must
have been a typo. It seems like there's
a bunch of typos today. Apparently the
auto correct on Apple's keyboards is is
worse recently.
>> Happy Thanksgiving. Also, just wanted to
ask if this is going to be a good
[__] Just asking pause. I heard you
through a bad of 2D platformers.
>> You guys need to [__] check on your
phone and quit hitting autocomplete.
Check your phone. There are way too many
typos. Apple just did an update. Please.
You sound like weirdos. Doug, are you a
twink? What is What possibly prompted
that?
I was thrown off by that guy. To be fair
to him, that was some twink energy that
jumped off the cliff there. I really
thought you were good at 2D platformers.
To be fair, when I'm playing video games
and people aren't calling me a Twink or
asking if I'm a Twink, like I it's my
skills are substantially better if I'm
not being blasted by weirdass questions
all the time. It's not my fault. All
right, Doug does die in world one.
Congratulations to the uh doubters. You
have to buy a hole. Hold on. What did
What did I die to? It was just a hole.
Buy a shovel. What do I search? Hole.
This is a $35 hole illusion.
It could be funny to have this for my
cats. Will they like this or is it like
scary to them? Is there anything else I
should search besides just hole pit?
Like search pit?
We're not
We're not doing this again. I think that
no one would look at the ball pit and
then go, "Oh yeah, he must have died in
a hole in Donkey Kong Country." I had to
take the ball pit balls from Seattle to
Los Angeles and then I finally gave them
to Barry and I think they're like
sitting in a basement somewhere. Those
things have just been following me for
years. They're still nearby. I don't
want to deal with this again. Okay, how
about this is on the if I die five times
to gravity on the fifth one I have to
buy the $140 ball pit. like we have to
work our way up to that. In the
meantime, I think Is good with the 3D
hole. Okay, we've got a $50 cart going.
Let's get back to video games. Guys,
please don't call him a twink. I need my
points. Let's stay focused, everybody.
Okay, with this boss, you grab beetles
and then you throw them in his mouth.
Uh-oh.
Dude, I am dumb and an idiot. Hold on.
How is How am I feeling at this? I'm I'm
going to die. Hold on. Oh my god. Hold
on.
There we go. Jesus Christ. I just have
to get him to the very end. One more.
World one done.
Now the boss needs to buy a whole
carpet.
Yeah, we are on to world two. This one
is a little bit harder, but I don't
think that hard. There are some great
monkeys in this level though. Yeah, look
at these. What would I even search if I
died to one of them? Question. Do you
think I could message Maya who runs an
animal sanctuary and buy her monkey off
of her? She's got two. I don't know why
you need duplicates. Like if I offer to
take really good care of it. Like I
don't I don't want to participate in
like, you know, monkey trafficking or
whatnot. So I don't want to go to some
illegal trader and purchase a monkey.
Like that's [__] up. But if I buy it
from an animal sanctuary, is that chill?
Uh-oh. All right. I got I need to pay
attention.
>> Hello.
What is your opinion on Dexterum?
>> You guys need to [__] check for typos
on your iPad. Hello, Mr. Part 10. Pope
John Paul. I recently lost my Pope John
Paul. You've really made me secretion.
>> It might not be autocorrect. I might
have code that changes nouns at random.
Should I tone down the amount of words
that are being changed cuz I can't even
tell what you guys are saying anymore.
What? Shocking. We aren't saying
anything valuable anyways. Okay. I
[__] called it. Did you actually
think that like 30 people typoed gunk
into their messages? All right, there.
Never there. There. All right. I thought
they were doing a bit. We literally
repeat jokes. No, that's that's a fair
point. You know what? That's a fair
point. Increase it. Tone it up. I think
it's at 92% right now. Sorry. 92% of the
time it stays as is. Only 8% of the
nouns get changed right now. Can you
have the percentage get lower with every
text to speech message? It could also be
random every Texas speech. Like you get
a randomly assigned percentage. So you
just have to hope that your message is
like understandable. Okay, so English
percentage for every time we get a text
to speech, we are going to set the
English percentage as a random number
from 1 to 100. All right, let's see how
this looks.
>> [__] pun. Wait, no. Poon me stink
gallbladder. I was wondering if you were
so hot and rich. Why gunk? You just
hired fart to write the spunk address to
stink your ether for you. Ladies and
gentlemen, [__] Holy. I think this is
the fastest a joke has ever gotten old.
We are not doing this. This is way too
dumb. Control Z. All of that. That's
We're going back. It's pure genius. I
feel differently. Boycott text to
speech. Hold on. You are going to
protest not having the messages be
turned into complete gunk. You should
come to Saratoga to see a horse race. It
has racecourse considered the oldest
sports secretion in the US and is home
to the National Horse Racing Hall of
Fame.
>> See, we still look it said secretion.
Isn't that funny? Haha, guys. It's a
gross word. Isn't this more exciting
when it happens like every three
messages one time? Listen to the music.
It's funny.
>> I think that some gun typing in wrong
messages on purpose to make chat not
know when the stink happens.
>> There you go. You can just say, hold on.
You don't have to protest. You can just
write stinko in the message.
>> This gunk secretion is a test to gunk if
gunk will gunk in the TTS.
>> See, everybody wins.
>> Can you change the code so the
dictionary only gets expanded by a
channel point red option to add a key
and result?
>> Oh my god. So you're saying somebody can
pay to permanently swap an English word
with a different English word. We
totally could do that.
Please play the game. I have another
vote. You You give a [__] about the
game. Can I ban that guy? No. He
probably is, bless his heart, thinks
that this is a video game channel,
right? Look at the numbers here. Most
people don't give a [__] I think they
have some kind of allergy to video
games. I mean, it makes sense. Every
other channel on Twitch is playing video
games. Like, there's there's better
options. All right, so let me actually
run this. We are officially starting up
the map. TTS map channel Redeemer that
is running. And now I also I'm just
going to run now activated.
>> Okay, Doug has been replaced with oo.
Excellent. We've successfully made a
channel point reward where you can pick
a word in English and then pick a new
word that will it will replace with and
then anybody else's messages will get
automatically replaced with whatever you
guys put in here. Is is being replaced
with neon. All right, with all that
being said, Donkey Country Time, here we
go. This is the boss of world two. H
could some poke plays chair pancake dun
dong sexy spider guess can thou
specifically go into Walmart for me sexy
spider don't want to work tonight
>> dude I don't know what people are saying
anymore
>> if we set every word to chair then we
win
>> I don't great great stuff great stuff I
think
what am I searching spider oh my god
this is just an actual tarantula I don't
want this. These are wildly different
sizes. This is the size of a horse and
that's the size of a leaf. Okay, we have
crazy mechanical spider. We have
tarantula spider. We've got realistic
black widow figurines. Jesus Christ.
Spider water jug. What this is like you
water like you're watering spiders in
your house. I don't want more spiders in
my apartment, but cool. Is there
something else I should search? Jumping
spider. Yeah. What in the [__] Oh,
there's a jumping spider enclosure, but
I don't have a spider in it. All right,
the mechanical spider wins by a bit.
This does look kind of cool. I just
don't We're going to have to like tone
down the amount of money we're spending
on each thing. But for now, this is
fine. Stop dying. You know what? You're
right. Spider is in. You has been
updated to thou in Texas Beach. That's a
good one. Here we go. This is uh very
hard to hit him with Diddy cuz the way
Diddy throws things. There we go. Okay,
I can just I can sit down there and hit
him apparently. Also, neon going to work
both ways. So, pancake becomes fart.
Pancake fart becomes pancake. If so,
thou need to check both. Howard 67 Jason
pancake remove both pairings.
>> Look, I'm going to say it. This joke's
already kind of not that funny, and it's
been 4 minutes. All right, we got a new
boat, which means we can go to the next
part of the game.
>> Bad attitude platformers. Parker, our
hats make cool rumors true that thou was
secretly good at 2D divorces. Pancake
real just smegmatic at 3D divorces.
>> I don't know if you guys have noticed
this, but I depend on you. I don't have
original things to say. I need Twitch
chat to say things for me. And right now
you guys are incomprehensible.
>> Lesbians, I'm Hatsuniku main character
confirmed.
>> Like what am I? That's not a
conversation starter. What am I supposed
to say? Okay, hold on. I need to play
the best [__] dog in my life. Dude,
how long
>> know what they say about Hatsunamiku
streamer camera? It answually
don't know. Two has been changed to
Doug's penis. Excellent.
>> How does this work? Me new Doug's penis.
Twitch pancake watching th live.
>> All right. I mean, that was kind of
funny, but when do we reset this?
>> Thou should record some skits off sex
tape, then randomly on sex tape. Say
something pancake then cut away.
Who skips pancake when it comes back
like nothing happened. It's always funny
when we code a bit and it's the bit
stays fresh for a shorter amount of time
than it took to code. Before we
continue, very important thing. This is
the best song in the game. I'm going to
play it at full volume. And please
everybody take a nice hard listen.
You can't tell me you're not really
[__] into the vibes of this game
right now, right? This game isn't It's
not the best of the trilogy, but the
vibes are very good. Watching man Howard
st share. I'm normally brain cell
murdering enough. Kissan tetto boob word
salad. I'm putting me at negative brain
cells.
>> Okay. All right. Hold on. I need to
clock in. Kind of being an idiot. I
should be near the end of the level
though.
>> Make it so every
>> All right. We're just We're just
winning.
>> Word uses the different poop voice.
Doug's penis.
>> I am resetting the TTS map. This is
incomprehensible. This is the boss, I
believe. I don't remember it. You like
squirt water into Yeah. into these
creepy eyeballs. I remember now. And
then you have to go around so you don't
get knocked off. I think that's it. And
then I just fire at the eyes.
Oh, wait. This is This guy is an instant
kill if he pushes me off. I forgot about
that. No. Well, I [__] DIDN'T PRESS
THE BUTTON. What even is the thing? I
died. I guess technically that's gravity
or bath water. Squirt. I'm not showing
this on screen. Whoa. Actually, no. No.
No. No. No, those are of the breasts.
Waterfall, I think. You know,
technically it was a fall. Is this a
This is for jumping spiders. We could
build out our spider terrarium. We just
have to hope that I die to another
spider at some point. Or can I just like
find a spider in my home and then put it
in the tank? Okay, whatever. I'm just
glad this one's cheap. All right, we're
buying decorations for non-existence
spider. Excellent. as
a a Canadianmatic
would maybe give this to my beaver.
>> I want to give a very sad f to the joke
that we've run into the ground for a
little bit now. I am going back to
normal text of speech. I'm sorry
everybody. Our freedom of speech shall
not be taken away by making it better.
I'm literally
It's fine. World three boss.
>> Finally, comprehension of thy English
language. We have come full circle.
Rejoice.
>> What am I fighting by the way? Is this a
crab? No. [__] Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Okay,
hold on. That was a mollisk, but he's
like built into the wall.
We got skis. All right. All right. All
right. World three is done. Yeah. Yeah.
These levels I can jump on bees, right?
Yeah. No, I pressed I swear to God I
pressed jump. What the [__] I really
genuinely do not think that was my
fault. Time to buy a bob sled. What do I
even buy here? Buy a copper tube. Oh,
cool. Custom length. Wow. Two gauges any
length and I can customize it. That's
incredible. Copper ball. Why? Put it in
the ball pit. Well, I I've only died to
gravity twice. Pure copper ball. Here we
go. Uh, Chaos Carnage. This is the boss
of the world. I don't remember what this
boss is at all. Is it like a big owl or
something? It's a robot.
Of course. Of [__] course.
What? Come on. Come on, man. Stuff like
that. It's like you just get bumped and
you can't do anything. It just doesn't
let you move. Search fire. I guess I did
die to the fire, right? What? Oh, you
just attach It's just candles on your
fingers, right? I guess I can do it on
stream. Light my hand on fire or
something. I don't know what's going on
here, man. They're finger candles. Duh.
Buy a drone.
Real drones. Oh, here. Bees. Nice. All
right, whatever. All right, we are
purchasing uh the be the bee. This does
not make a lot of sense, but that's
okay. It's for the people. It's also
$60. I wanted the flame fingers. Man,
how do we How do we not vote for flame
fingers? Okay, here we go.
Cool. I got to say, this boss does not
telegraph his moves very well. Like I
don't know how long before I guess is he
is he starting with a fire after I hit
him? I don't know. Come on, man. Really?
It It's like how am I supposed to know
that? Uh I'm gonna die. How do I move
the [__] thing? What do I do without
the helmet?
How am I supposed to [__] dude? How
am I supposed to know? This is a really
badly designed boss and it's not my
fault. All right, let's go quick. What
What am I getting? Let's just do the
same vote that we did before. Okay, at
least we're buying fire fingers. Fire
fingers are sick. All right, I'm
clocking in. What? I didn't jump. It's
just like the game not working properly.
I just ran under it. Like, okay, there.
[__] arbitrary amount of time before
the fire comes. What are you supposed to
do? This is dumb. Buy another robot. A
second B. Let's Let's get one more in
here. I'm steamed about this boss, dude.
This game is great. This boss is not
great. Okay, we have a stupid ass helmet
now. There's just no hit box to the
helmet. What are we talking about? Are
we done here? Hongs win. World four is
done.
Also, that last boss, the helmet, not
having a hitbox, really dumb. Again, no
deaths have been my fault. And
partially, obviously, I'm saying that
for content, but I do believe that half
of the deaths have not been my fault. I
unironically think that or let me
rephrase that or due to stupid [__]
mechanics and not something I should
have actually died to if the game was
like made with modern mechanics. That's
a better way of putting it. [__]
slide levels. God, this is just a giant
reaction test, which I I'm not I don't
like have great reaction timing. I love
these levels, just not when there's this
much on the line for deaths like that,
you know? Like that's just a reaction
test. You couldn't see it till the
absolute last second. Hold on. Hold on.
No. Right after a DK barrel, too.
What? I thought I could go under the
house like every other single house that
I had gone past.
>> This might be cooked. Ank's reaction
time is degraded due to his old age.
Prove me wrong, Doug.
>> Timing on that was unfortunate. You have
to buy a house. Buy a cabin in the
woods. Log cabin mailbox. These are so
expensive. Unfinished miniature log
cabin. Why would you sell it like that?
Just finish it. Oh. Oh, like the Right.
Never mind. I thought he was like, I got
halfway through this IKEA build. You can
do the rest. This is just a log. What?
Get it, please. But it's just a Why does
it cost so much? It's a table. This
table is fantastic, but it's only 13 in
wide. That's not a table. That's a log.
Just cuz you use it as a table doesn't
mean it's not a log. I'm just going to
search log. I assume there's cheaper
logs on here. See, this is there's three
for $15. That's a great deal. 3D printed
magnetic log for for a jumping spider.
Is this like a very popular hobby? I've
never heard of this. Your jumping spider
is going to have an awesome I'm going to
have to go get one, I guess. How about
we update this? We had said that if I
die 20 total times that I buy this ball
pit. Let's update it. If I die 20 times,
I have to actually get a jumping spider
enclosure with a real jumping spider.
And like whatever we've bought, I will
try to incorporate like the the copper
ball that's going in the the jumping
spider exhibit. No, because I'm
arachnophobic. I mean, you're not going
to have to deal with it. I have 11 more
deaths to work with before I need to
take care of a jumping spider. That
being said, we got to we got to purchase
what what did I die to again? Log cabin.
What buy? Oh, man. Okay, I'm getting
natural wood color. I want my spider to
feel like it's in a real natural place
with natural copper balls and bees.
>> You have to set up a camera to watch the
jumping spider enclosure too for at
least three streams.
>> Please no. Please no. Please no. [__]
please let me end.
I don't care. Let me out. Dude, those
levels are so stressful. Crack shot.
Croc. Oh, I remember this. Okay. Yes, it
is a jumping spider. This is what my
jumping spider is going to be like.
>> As someone with arachnophobia, I am
astounded at the consistent subfe of
spiders during this stream. You got to
get that jumping spider enclosure now.
Doug, fate ordains it.
>> You're right. Fortunately, I I'm not
arachnophobic. I'm not like a fan of
spiders. Like, I wouldn't invite them to
Thanksgiving, but I I'm perfectly fine
with the concept of them. You need to
get your spider shoes. That's true. This
guy has Nike Dunks. Okay, if I get a
jumping spider, I'm going to put TV
monitor in his enclosure. Me playing
this level. So, he's inspired.
>> Bro, that's cruel and unusual
punishment. I'm scared of them. And even
I think that's too far. You should use
computer vision to have the jumping
spider play this level.
>> You know how point's fish rest in
preeark souls boss? I just try to make
my spider the better gamer and like
Keemstar starts talking about the spider
drama. All right. All right. DK barrel.
Love it. We've got our girl back. What
the [__] Where? What am I supposed to
do? You can't just have a penguin. You
got to give me warning, man. The snow
levels are all reaction tests. I don't
know whether to go for jumping on the
penguins or not. What? Why didn't it
move? I don't understand. It like
stopped. Whatever. It's not my fault.
Penguin real. Oh my god, that's
adorable. I could put the penguins in
the jumping spider enclosure.
>> Never mind. Never show your pet jumping
spider any of your gameplay. How
thrillingly disappointing.
>> Middle finger penguin. What? Get the one
flipping you off. What are you talking
about? This is a bestseller. Yeah, dude.
The penguin zang garden is so good. And
the spider would love it. All right,
added. This is probably the hardest
enemy I faced in this game. Okay, but I
refuse to buy the middle finger penguin.
It's not that funny. That's like boomer
mom on Facebook thinks that's funny.
Like, oh my god, it's a cute thing, but
it has a middle finger. [__] That's
what you sound like. NO, STOP. WHY IS
THE HITBOX ACTIVE? WHY? WHY IS THE
TIMING DIFFERENT? OKAY, SORRY. I need to
stop freaking out. Dace, I thought it
was funny. OH MY GOD. OKAY. OKAY. All
right. All right. Here's your middle
finger penguin right there, chat. Boom.
I'm sorry. That was too far.
Okay. Let me do the YouTuber voice.
What's like the most youtubery song I
have? By the way, this is not going to
go in THE YOUTUBE VIDEO. WHAT UP,
YOUTUBE? IT'S YOUR BOY DOGGHAUL. Today
is part two of Donkey Kong Country 3.
But if I die, I have to buy whatever
killed me. We're literally not using I'm
not going to look. Even if we make this
into a YouTube video, we don't need a
second intro midway through a video.
They already are watching it. Keep both.
Imagine a YouTube video where it just
repeats the intro. do more intros. You
have to innovate. We need a third intro.
Why would we do that?
>> Doug, just use that second intro halfway
through the video. That way, we're
reminded of what you're doing in case we
forget what we are watching.
>> Okay, what I'll do is I'll do an intro
midway through a boss fight. So, it's
just like really disorienting. All
right, let's do it. Uh, this is world
six out of seven.
>> You should have a segmented stream where
you do YouTube intros every 30 minutes.
That way, the people who are listening
but not watching will think they're
watching a new video. Retention will be
renewed because it's a new video.
>> Well, it's the same video. That's the
only issue is that it's not a new video.
>> Make a video that's 90% different takes
of the same intro and then of like 1
minute of actual content for flavor.
>> Okay, I will actually do this. I will
make a best of Doug Doug video and it's
just the first 10 seconds of like 30
videos.
>> Hey, this is Hey, this is Hey, this is
Doug Doug. Today,
previously Dawn of Video Games.
Level one done. Not even close.
Was it save aimed at me? How are you not
autistic?
That's such an awesome message to just
randomly look at.
>> Hey Doug, you haven't even died once in
the last 30 minutes. What is this? A
let's play? Let something kill you so
that we can have a funny haha debate on
what to buy on Etsy.
>> I can't wait to not die and disappoint
everybody who's here only for Etsy. I
can't wait. I would love for like 80% of
you to leave today's stream going, "That
was pretty boring. Actually, I thought
it would be a lot funnier. I cannot wait
to disappoint you." I don't even think
I'm going to get hit on this level.
Doubters, I know right now your heart
rate's elevated. You feel like you might
be having a heart attack. You're not.
You're just imagining your life without
any of your channel points. I'm more
motivated than ever to disappoint my
viewers. Level done. Level done. Level
done. One more. This is going to be the
greatest redistribution of wealth in the
Doug Dog history. I'm so [__] pumped.
make 85% of you pissed off. This is
going to be the most anticlimactic
stream, dude. Like, oh, Duck's gonna die
and he's going to fight on Edie. He's
going to have to buy a jumping spider.
Oh, no. No. It's just me playing Donkey
Kong Country. All right, let's go. That
being said, I do not remember what this
boss is at all. I'm pretty sure he's a
sea urchin. Okay, I was right about
that. What in the [__] do I do? Do I hit
it? Okay, so I hit these at him. Why did
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why didn't it
What was the difference? Was it the
What are we doing? Why did it take so
long for the God damn it. It took like a
half second for the animation to start.
Oh, dude. It was so close. Sorry,
believers. Doug did die in world 6.
Okay, what what are we searching? Sea
urchin. Set of 16 pre-made sea urchin
hats. What? Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait. I didn't realize
the amount of strange pets that people
have. Do people just have sea urchins?
It's Oh my god. Wait, what? So you just
like jamming on.
This is so Urchin loves his hats. Oh my
god, this is amazing. I can't believe
this whole like ecosystem I had no idea
about.
>> I think you have to start a variant for
a year with all the creatures that kill
you.
>> What? There was a penguin. I mean, look,
the sea urchin hats can still fit into a
jumping spider terrarium. These things
can combine. What up everybody? Welcome
back to day two of Donkey Kong Country
3. But I have to buy whatever kills me.
Today we are in world six and this boss
sucks real bad, man. What do you do?
This is uh not a fun boss, man. Okay, so
the angle it's always the same. It's
always the same angle and I can't like
get down and then we boom. Okay. All
right. I get it. I'm sure it'll throw
some dumb [__] in here. Okay. You
can I kill you? You can't kill it.
Great. Great stuff. Would have loved to
figure that out earlier. Am I supposed
to be doing something? Oh, it has to aim
at the thing. God damn it. I get it. All
right, that's one.
Boom. I assume this will be the last hit
right here. Oh my god. Why is this very
tight? [__]
Please die. Please die. Please die.
Okay, that's it. That's got to be it,
right? Yes. One death on world six.
That's not bad at all. Big day for
believers. 40% believers. No, he does
not. Chaos core. I think there's only
like three levels actually in this
world, but imagine how [__] sick it
would be if I one-shot a dude. We would
talk about this for generations. You
guys remember how boring that stream
was? We literally went on Etsy one time.
This is a true like I am legit good at
2D platformers if I one-shot this world.
Hey, this is Doug Doug where we solve
problems that no one has. And today
we're playing Donkey Kong Country 3. But
every time I kill something, I have to
die to it.
>> Should I trust you for the world seven?
I mean, honestly, yeah. Look at me.
[__] Did not know I was going to the
left. [__]
That was so unfucking lucky, man. Can
the game show me what's coming up
occasionally?
Sorry, believers. That's like not even a
hard level. I just wasn't paying
attention to the lower rope and then I
wasn't paying attention to the other
thing. It's not my fault. This is a
porcupine paw print, which is kind of
cool. Oh my god, dude. Why do they have
just the head? There are so many people
selling porcupine skulls. I feel like
I'm learning so much about obscure
hobbies. There has to be a lot of people
collecting skulls to have this many Etsy
sellers. Okay, doing the porcupine
print. I'm going to do baby porcupines
versus adults. And I'm getting the
biggest one they have. $20. All right,
that being said, there will be no more
porcupine deaths.
>> I'm surprised you haven't purchased a
mirror yet since every death you perish
due to your own incompetence.
>> Okay, I'm looking at the porcupine.
I'm playing the best donkey country in
my life. [__] What was that? Like, what
are you supposed to do, man? It's just
like, whoops. I guess I the camera
didn't show me what was happening.
[__] bees, man. Oh my god. Is that
one of the Asian hornet ones? That thing
is gigantic. What is Why would I wear
this?
>> Buy $50 worth of the Bem movie DVDs.
>> I could do that. I assume they're not
going to have be movie on here. The
entire Bem movie written out by hand.
Wow, that's incredible. All right,
congratulations. B movie script on a
poster, man. I wanted the shirt. I guess
I'll leave these things open in case I
die to a future B,
dude. Like, what the [__] man? I You
got to You got to [__] warn me. Like,
what is this [__] Oh,
okay. We're doing Wait, I see a bug.
>> Hey, Doug. Did you know when bees pork
the male ejaculates so hard he dies?
>> Oh, thank god, dude. Thank you for the
lovely facts. I don't think that's even
whatever. God damn that level. If the
game has a functioning camera and hit
boxes in the next three levels of the
game, then I'm good. Did Doug name the
spider yet? I don't have to purchase a
spider yet. I have six more deaths.
Okay. [__] is incredibly stressful. STOP
PICKING UP THE [__] BARREL. Can we Oh
my god. Ah. Two more levels and then the
boss. What the [__] What are we doing?
What are we doing here? Okay, he runs at
me with a thing and then I just jump on
it. Okay, he's trying to push me off. I
get it. Okay, he runs at my speed, you
[__]
What was he even wearing? It was like a
trash can. That's what I'm talking about
right there, dude. Just a metal ass
trash can.
>> We're losing the script. Trash can for a
jumping spider enclosure.
>> Trash can jumping spider. What? Why do
they have this Donkey Kong jumping
spider enclosure? There is no way
there's a large audience for this stuff.
You are the audience. It's like they
made this for me specifically. Look, we
have to justify this somehow to the
YouTube audience cuz otherwise they're
going to be like, "You didn't stick to
the rules. I don't like this guy and
they're going to unsubscribe and they're
going to downvote my channel and
somebody's going to swap me." Whatever,
dude. We're getting a Donkey Kong for my
spider. Fine. Okay. Got to go forward.
More forward than I think. And then how
far back can I go? Okay. The back is
also No. No. NO. I WAS [__] TESTING
IT. I'm so pissed.
>> Now you can get a metal trash can to
please your YouTube viewers.
>> Welcome. Hey everybody. Today we're
playing Donkey Kong Country 3, except
I'm buying this trash can. I swear to
God, if a [__] trash can van pushes
me off the edge, I'm going to put my own
wiener into a metal trash can. I'm going
to put newspaper in it. I'm going to
light it on fire and I'm going to grill
my own penis like a hot dog. I need
lobbies. All right, [__] going. These
stupid [__] The physics don't
make sense on them. I can't even see
where he is. I can't see where he is.
What are What are they thinking? Like,
what are they thinking in this game? Why
would the camera move this far? I am 10%
of the way into the camera. I can
already feel my wiener heating up. Oh my
god. Yo, let's design the shittiest
physics enemy in the game. Jump on three
OF THEM. OH, COOL. YEAH. NO, let's just
go even higher. Yeah. No, that's cool.
Like, there's other ways to HAVE TO NO.
NO. NO. [__] You can't see the guy.
Unfair. Stupid [__] These are all
Facebook mom shirts.
>> Call your girlfriend and ask how she
likes her wieners cooked.
>> Is there like a jumping spider? Gravity
jumping spider. Miniature little tight
slide for the jumping spider. That kind
of counts as gravity. Okay, we are
getting a slide for a jumping spider. I
content that 90% of these deaths have
been stupid physics [__] in this
game. I'm going to use Dixie and just be
ridiculously ultra safe like this. I
don't know why I didn't do this before.
Like, this is much much easier. Okay,
still gone. Still gone. That's fine.
It's fine. It's fine. We're near the
end. God, two more deaths before I have
to get a spider. That level sucked.
Okay, I got to stop being annoyed at
this game. I got to chill. Somebody name
something good. Sonic. The new Stranger
Things. Money. I can't think about money
right now. Spending $600 on the spider.
The new Brendan Frasier movie. Okay, I
have to think about the new Brendon
Frasier movie. Think about the future of
my spider.
Okay, the controls are inverted. I've
done enough weird [__] challenges in
this channel that I in theory should be
good at this.
>> When you get the spider, you'll need to
feed it like a baby bird for the first
five months for it to get comfortable
with you.
>> What? That's not true. They only live
like a year. There's no way. If that was
true, there would be a phrase called
feeding like a baby spider. Okay, so far
this level's very easy, which is
fortunate. What I'm hoping they did is
made a level that's really not that
hard, but they're just like all the
inverted controls. It's crazy. Which I
don't think will really mess with me too
much. I that did full on get me. I tried
to move left. It's cuz the cool camera
in this game that doesn't show you what
is actually coming at you.
[__] It's not even a hard level. I need
to stop freaking out. Get grilling,
penis boy. Jokes's on you. I'm not
dipping my balls into syrup and turning
them into a marccino cherry and making a
dirty Shirley Temple. Unless I hit 20.
I'm only at 19 deaths. My balls are
safe. You son of a [__] Okay, wait. I
died to a sea urchin. What did we look
at last time? We get sea urchin spines.
Okay. All right. You got to admit these
rip. I'm going to be honest. I don't
know if I would call this a sea urchin.
Okay, we're buying these pens.
>> Well, you wouldn't call it a sea urchin
because it is in fact a pentaclus.
>> You know what? Got me there. Does Doug
die a 20th time before beating the game?
Predictions live. One more. We are
getting a spider. Shouldn't the fish
die? This is clearly toxic water. I
don't know why that was the first thing
I complained about instead of two
monkeys
swimming for like 15 total minutes in
these pipes. I didn't even question the
bananas. This is the first time in the
entire game that I've got upset about
the realism of it. Okay. Okay. Okay.
We're chilling. I'm going the right
direction this time. Dude, the hit boxes
are weird. Like, there's not super clear
what Oh my god. The shape of everything
like that. Like that should have hit me,
right? Hey, don't let my bitching and
moaning distract from the fact that this
is a great game. This won an award for
realism in 1996 when it came out. It won
a BAFTA for best um pipe. I got a pipe
award. There was a lot of competition
that year. [__] I I so so dumb, man.
I'm not like trying to be a loud
YouTuber. I'm like really genuinely
stressed about this. I think I just poke
it through this whole thing. I think I
just poke it. No, I don't. Why would I
just hang out at the bottom? Oh my. What
is wrong with me? Okay, here we go. Not
even Not even worried. Okay. All right.
Two levels done. 19 deaths going into
the final boss, dude. Clenched. That's
right. You're clenched. 8% believers.
They're going to win it all back right
now. I don't remember what the boss is.
I don't remember any of the mechanics.
Am I allowed to look up a video of the
boss? Absolutely not. Okay, I'm going to
compromise by doing what I want. I'm
just going to look at a picture of it.
Final boss of Donkey Kong Country 3 and
see if it jogs memories. What in the
[__] He's a doctor. This one is
impossible. You're so [__] The
memories are kind of coming back. Wait,
don't I have to fight the robot again
first or is that in the lost world?
>> Wait, is this the actual last boss?
There's no way it's actually down to one
last life before jumping spider time.
Cinema.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just sent it. It's
the [__] robot.
>> Clanker. Fight for a spider for one simp
clanker.
>> Really? We're not stopping. How long
does this go? Oh,
>> Jesus Christ.
>> Doug, I think you're meant to attack the
boss. Hope this helps.
>> What? What are we doing? Am I supposed
to Oh, I still have a barrel.
Damn it. How do I get to him?
Like that. Forgot I can throw it
upwards. Are we done? Come on. Come on.
Oh no. What have you done? My wife's
going to kill me. Okay. I used all our
best pots and pans to make him. And then
you just cast him aside. Chaos was my
ticket to world domination. And I'd have
gotten away with it if it wasn't for you
meddling kids. Well, you may have
roasted my robot, but I'm the master
chef around here. And I reckon about
time your goose was cooked. He's going
to cook my wiener. Wait. Whoa. What are
we doing?
Doug, now's your chance to cause a
divorce. Beat this boss. There's no way
his wife will stay with him after the
humiliation.
Wait, what do I do? Do I need to like go
up? Uh-oh. Get his backpack. So, I have
to like jump behind him. Why, man?
[__] why. Why didn't he jump on the
thing? It's not even my fault.
This [__] game is stupid.
Ah, what are you supposed to do?
>> Spider time.
>> We will raise the spider like our own
chatter. Doug, don't worry. It'll call
you bald before you know it.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to
purchase a jumping spider. We've got
everything it needs to survive. We've
got a slide. We've got Donkey Kong. It
can look at the be movie script behind
the tank. We've got hats for a sea
urchin if there's one in there. Tree
logs, waterfalls, bees, and copper. He's
going to live a long and happy life for
however long bugs live. Look, I will buy
the spine. We need some kind of stake
for the next couple lives that's higher
than just buying it. How do we up the
emotional investment in the next few
lives? Add one ball pit to the
enclosure.
>> If you die 10 more times, you need to
set up a permanent spider Twitch stream.
>> Okay. All right. All right. Here's my
offer. If I die 25 times, then I will
figure out how to set up Jumping
Spiderplays Pokémon where we're just
looking at the tank. And if he moves, he
moves in Pokemon. I have five more
attempts or we are going to watch my
jumping spider attempt to play Pokemon.
Everybody ready? Oh, we're just right at
this guy. Okay, I can't just jump onto
it. When do you get the backpack? I
don't understand. When you hit his
backpack, the problem Oh my god, it
rolled. Great. Thank you, game. Very
cool.
Lit. I couldn't do anything there. Can
you duck in the corner? You can duck
anywhere but the corners. Wait, what?
That doesn't make any sense. by a
ceiling fan.
>> Uh, propeller hat.
>> What is What is this hat? That's insane.
I was looking for a propeller hat. Okay.
Because I died to a propeller, we're
buying a fish hat. I love this. All of
my being annoyed at this game has
dissipated because I get to have a fish
hat. I am incredibly stoked about this.
All right. All right. So, you're saying
I can duck in the middle? Maybe.
Okay. I am going to
Dude, why? That's a billion times
easier. I thought you would I thought
you had to jump over him. This Why is
this the one time in the game where like
the hit box is smaller than the actual
character? That's stupid. That's so
stupid, man. No, no, no. I I I I held
down. I held down and of course that
picked up the barrel. Thank you game.
Very ghoul. So bad. That wasn't my
fault. I wanted to duck and it decided I
actually wanted to grab the barrel. This
is a children's game. This is a game for
adults like me. Look, I'm staying
positive. Ultimately, I'm the guy who's
going to have a fish hat. Wait, what are
we doing here?
Oh, cool. Yeah. No, that's great. Thank
you, game. Thank you. Very cool. What
are we doing, man? Why do I do these
challenges for these games? I forgot
that these games are like a die and then
memorized it after. You literally saw
that when you cheated. Actually, you're
right. I didn't know when the electric
beam was going to happen. It's not my
fault that there was a mystery beam that
appeared out of nowhere. I guess I have
to use the game audio. All right,
everybody chill out. Okay, we're having
a good time. I'm having a good time.
That is a fun stream. We're all having a
fun time. What? Uh, electricity. I have
a question. If a jumping spider jumped
on a Tesla coil, would it do the thing?
That's so expensive. Oh my god. Yo, no.
That's That's a lot of money. What What
else do we search? I feel like none of
these are that interesting. Electricity
mouse. What does that mean? Oh, you mean
like a Pikachu? Oh my god. What the [__]
are these things? Rocku.
>> All right. Rockue. I just want another
Rocku each time I die. Question. After
watching this, can we agree this is one
of the greatest games of all time still?
Now that on YouTube we've presumably
edited out me crashing out. One of the
best games ever. This reminds all of us
of our childhood. It's all right, dude.
No, it's so good except this boss and
three of the other bosses and two of
those levels. Okay, as long as I don't
hold Y. I don't pick up the barrel.
Should have realized that. I'm just
going to wait and play ultra safe. Oh my
god, dude. This game is brutal. Isn't
this for children and 34year-old adult
men? Please don't kill me. Wait, what
are we doing, man? I don't I don't know
what's happening. I'm I'm going to say
it. This is not a great final boss. I
say that with love and respect for what
we can all agree is one of the greatest
games of all time. This game blows. Hold
on. Hold on. I'm about to win. Greatest
game mods. Go ahead and just keep track
of that and ban anybody who votes three.
There's no way 48% of you can just This
game rips butt, dude. It is a good game.
It's a good It's a really good game.
I'll just ban everybody. Ban everybody
and give a stern warning to anybody said
it's only top 50.
Is it over? Please, we're we're still
not done.
That was the lamest way to end. I just
don't know what's happening. Why did it
move? Hold on.
Okay, I'm buying another rocket ship.
Don't jump into the electricity, by the
way. Thank you. I would love if the
camera showed me what was happening.
Camera, there's actually a guy behind
me. Can you please? This is going to be
so much harder with Diddy.
>> Would love to be able to see where the
guy is, by the way. That would be really
sick.
>> Okay, we're getting uh three rock.
>> There isn't enough yellow filament in
North America required to fulfill the
rocky two you will need for this
challenge.
>> Hit number one. He does his goofy
[__] I would love to be able to see
him. Okay, same thing. Right now I stay
on this platform right moves me. Right.
Okay. Okay. Does anybody know how many
like phases he has? If it ends soon,
please [__] I Great. So, the hitbox
of the crank thing is very, very big.
Okay, I stay on the thing. Wait, what?
So, I have to run across now, right? I
should have gone way earlier. Why did I
Okay, we're fine. We have plenty of
time. And then, can I jump back up onto
this with the barrel? I have to, right?
Okay,
cool. Is this the last hit? Please tell
me this is the last hit.
Please, please end the game. End the
game. End the game. End the game. The
love of God. End the game. We're still
going. We're still going. One more hit.
Okay.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Come on. Come on. Come
on.
Yes.
Yes. Greatest game ever. That's why this
is the goat, dude. Okay. that I'm going
to say it pretty bad final boss but the
whole game cinema dude cinema 24 deaths
Donkey Kong Country 3
believers you finally [__] WOW WAIT NO
NO NO NO HOLD ON DID I DO THE WRONG ONE
[__] I'M not joking I that was an
accident I know that looks like I did
that for content I swear to god I did
not I thought it was like yes I was
thinking yes you did it yes I won I was
excited [__] I'm sorry look it hasn't
been a great day for believers All
right, GET ON THE ROCK. GET OFF THE B.
STAND WITH ME. THE PRIDE EVER FEEL YOUR
DESIRE.
>> I, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I'm going to
show you the weird eclectic [__]
that we bought from the Donkey Country 3
stream. Ladies and gentlemen,
introducing the first thing we bought.
Dogggers. What is this? Is this even
part of Don? Did we get this? Is this a
different thing? Did I take somebody
else's package? All right, more
importantly, porcupine painting. What in
the [__] is this? Can I do this right
now? Do I just set it on fire? I'll set
it on fire at the end, I guess. What is
this? What was this from? Why did we buy
this? Cool pen. Can I get a massive
massive Pog in chat for uh the trash can
we bought?
Why did we buy this? Oh my [__] god.
Okay, it's a bee. There's a lot. There's
a real bee in this. I did not know what
this was. How many of these do we buy?
This is the mechanical spider that we
bought. Cotties badass hat. This is my
new look in 2026. The thing is like I've
been lying to you this whole time. I'm
kind of a guy who goes out and fishes
and I've just been holding that back for
you guys, but it's time to finally be my
true self.
>> Well, words are the bee movie. This is a
great great poster. Okay, I believe that
this is our jumping spider exhibit with
Donkey Kong in it. I don't have the
jumping spider yet. I was going to
purchase the jumping spider once I was
back from holiday travel. So, that is my
plan. And I need to buy a spider at some
point and put it in here. Okay, I have
three of the rock Pikachu. Why do I have
three of these? Oh, this is a waterfall
for the jumping spider exhibit. Okay,
these are multiple jumping spider items.
We have plenty of hats for sea urchins.
Wait, here's Gengar. Gengar a hat. Why
is Gengar right here? And finally,
ladies and gentlemen, please put your
hands together for copper ball. Very
cool. Is it a bad idea to light these on
fire in my room? What's the worst that
could happen?
This is not that hyp.
It's like so Whoa.
Holy [__] You I'm probably going to set
up the fire alarm in here. Uh-oh. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. No, there's a lot of smoke.
Hold on. Hold on. Uh, please hold.